hello everyone this is Dimitri with
hurricane ox and Beach Phoenix have
branched out into audio products and
that's very interesting to see as they
are known as sort of the enclosure
company so their first headphone is the
flow made to be a lifestyle product with
multiple color options removable cables
and priced competitively at $69 so let's
find out exactly what the outcome is
with the flow and I'm curious to see
whether or not this feels like a
headphone from a case manufacturer and
I'm gonna start with the build quality
the flow is extremely lightweight at 200
grams and given it's mainly plastic with
just the metal support band above the
headband that looks like leather however
it is also plastic the headphone is
covered in B Jennings's soft touch
coating that we're so familiar with
giving the flow and more premium feel
they are flexible however there isn't
any earcup swivel and while they are
expandable it feels like pulling out a
nail out of wood as you literally have
to apply a lot of force
I was curious as to how this was
implemented and looks like you're just
pulling the plastic bit higher so the
rubber band holding the hand band moves
higher so not very impressed with this
whole implementation and B tunings
design the flow with multi functionality
in mind both for music and gaming as the
cable and microphone are both removable
the included microphone is quite large
I would have preferred something
low-profile or even retractable it is
flexible however but I don't really see
it fitting in with the design and just
feels like an afterthought rather than
the feature that I would actually use
microphone quality with the flow for its
class is actually pretty decent
it is quiet tall so you have to boost a
signal and therefore introduces some
noise now I love that we have
interchangeable and removable cables
with standard 1 meter cable another 1
meter cable incorporating volume
adjustment and the mic Bute and then 2
meter extension with three and a half
millimeter headphone and microphone
jacks also one end of each cable has a
slightly thinner frame allowing
compatibility for mobile devices with
thicker cases so that's very nice to see
although the chrome tips within the two
weeks came off the hole the flow is
rather tall in its most compact state as
you can see compared to other headphones
we have around the office and putting
them on they are extremely light with
very slight clamping force creating an
interesting sight profile with my hair
but even the lack of proper padding as
the plastic a headband just has a few
air-filled pockets the flow is actually
pretty comfortable the ear pads are
on-ear but the padding is again very
limited so I could feel the driver
touching my ears thankfully the
lightweight design and the low pressure
clamping didn't ruin my experience
however because of the frame design it
is impossible to wear them with glasses
and this is where ear cup articulation
really could have saved the day and also
one more thing resting the flow on your
neck especially with our sample was
really uncomfortable the edges on the
plastic headband are not smoothed out at
some sections that immediately irritates
your neck and this is one thing I was
afraid from Phoenix just missing out on
key points when it comes to frame design
to a lot of comfortable wear with ear
cup articulation and proper padding and
not such plastic non fantastic
construction now with that out of the
way or equality with the flow have
actually surpassed my expectations after
a rather disappointing journey to this
section so okay you have 40 million
drivers with 68 ohm impedance that is a
bit on the high end for travel headphone
so the hundred percent volume on my
Nexus 4 I was happy but I wouldn't have
said no to extra sensitivity the sonic
signature with the flow is very similar
to what you'll find with many buyer
dynamics headphones as it is very bright
revealing a lot of the detail within the
track the treble is certainly on the
harsher end but nothing a little eq
can't solve but the manger strong point
with the flow is the mid-range clarity
as the instruments and the vocals move
up front so you hear every background
clap and give life back to music and the
amazing mastering of Michael is
presented quite accurately soundstage is
another aspect that took me by surprise
that doesn't congest a sound and in no
church in the wild something more open
that I'm used to from a closed headphone
however the flow isn't capable of
detecting the background instruments in
September as they are overpowered by
everything in the front bass response is
they're just running off my Nexus for
the start of anthology with the bass
kick was very natural and powerful
and most of my house and uplifting Tunes
sounds great with tight bass
auto-locking heavily in the sub bass
section with young and beautiful
sounding less complete without that
low-frequency Rumble now the flow is
also a gaming headset and given
excellent detail and white sound so no
footsteps go unnoticed in csgo the
incredibly large audio environment in
battlefield 4
is translated really well into an almost
open style field I also loved the sound
engine in Crysis 3 and then you're
activating the armor with super tight
bass was extremely satisfying
so overall gaming performance was
impressive and the drivers are tuned
quite well for both an immersive and
accurate experience complementing
directionality but as the slogan goes
they are made to move and not say
they're made to move you as I personally
love the bright and energetic sound the
flow produced and I'm very happy to say
that beats fennecs didn't skimp on the
drivers with a lot of detail and upfront
mid-range removable cables are a bonus
and the microphone for just in case plus
the extremely lightweight design gaming
performance was very impressive as all
the benefits of the detail and the
soundstage carry over however there are
several structural flaws starting with
lack of side-to-side articulation on the
air comes an extremely poor height
adjusting system the all plastic
construction just feels cheap aside from
the metal support bands especially when
the plastic headband may cause
irritation because of the rough edges
the poorly glued tips on the cables and
the microphone that doesn't fit into the
design at all it is also impossible to
wear these with glasses and there's
practically no isolation this is a good
tryto I have to give them that but I
would love to see more proper frame
features incorporated into their next
headphone as from an audio perspective
I'm actually quite impressed and
honestly wasn't expecting this from
Beats Phenix but what do you guys think
of the flow does it feel like a
headphone for my keys manufacturer let
us know in the comments below don't
forget to subscribe and like if you
enjoy this review thanks for watching
and we'll see you in the next one